Oh, wake up, wake up.
That experience was all about mirror dancers.
He is still the undefeated general under the king of big eaters
Why can't he be a Spiegel dancer?
It's not that I haven't tried his inner strength at all
Nothing.
Does the Spiegel dancer know as soon as he tries it?
The golden veins are broken and the dantian is broken
He has no inner strength at all
I'm not even a dancer.
How is that possible?
How did he defeat even the dancers?
Brother experience, did you read it wrong?
There can be no mistake.
His dantian is empty
No internal strength at all
He defeated experience in his own right.
That king must be born with divine power
You are amazing
Big eater is awesome
What's the use of just learning a move?
If you don't practice martial arts, you will end up in vain
Just wait and see.
He stopped there.
Don't be rude, okay?
Even if your big eater Dantian is abolished
So what if you can't be a doorman dancer?
You are still no match for him
What are you saying I'm no match for this fool?
Hey, believe it or not?
Sooner or later, I will definitely be better than him
Who is stronger than the king of big eaters can win Jinli
Will you definitely win Jinli in the future?
Is it so hard to admit that others are better than you?
Gone
Anyway.
This time I saw the king of the big stomach
That must be a one-in-a-million martial arts genius
We are about to commit
Just wait.
Follow you means what else do I mean?
What do we do?
We practice martial arts
So whether it's an underground boxing match or a formal match
I have to take the boss to participate
It just so happens that there is a game underground tonight.
200,000 800,000 so much trust
Is the underground castle very dangerous?
Don't let the tour guide go, okay?
The big eater even Jin Li went to the side
Look around
There are not many people in Jiang City who can defeat him
So there were 20 of us in vain.
Why can't it be delivered to us?
But don't worry.
really
Huh?
This is the Dragon and Tiger Great Return Pill left by the previous owner
Yes, that's right.
After eating it, you can greatly enhance your physique.
Let you save 10 years of breaking the body's Forbidden City
And let your resistance
Reach the level of clarity
brother
Are you going to give this medicine to the big eater?
Yes, this is after the big eater is done eating
It's not as easy to get hurt
You can rest assured
Hey.
Follow you to see if he is a fool or an outsider
Such a good thing
This is not
Oops I know you want this
But I think it's still possible to guard against friends
He can break through the mirror when he runs out
And help me make money
Can you? You can't?
So you start to get down to business
Old Xiao Wang ate this
I have a place to take you tonight
So comfortable
Take you to fight like you won today
Is there anything delicious?
As long as you win
You can have anything you want.
Ok, I'm going to play a game.
I want something delicious